# Poiyomi Shaders Documentation

Main repository for the Poiyomi Shaders Documentation's source code, containing all the pages and scripts used to host the website. It is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a modern static website generator utilizing React.

# [ðŸŒ View Website ðŸŒ](https://www.poiyomi.com)

# Local Development

For more information on how to contribute to this documentation, please refer to the file here: [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md)

This README contains a brief guide on how to develop the website on your local machine. It is very important that you are versed in using Git so that you can have an efficient workflow. Make sure you understand the prerequisites and the commands used in order to develop locally!

## Prerequisites

**In order to work on the website locally, you must install the [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) JavaScript runtime environment on your machine.** This is required in order to access the command-line package managers (such as npm) used in local development.

Secondly, please install [Git](https://git-scm.com/) or use a preferred command line application! This is so that you may run the commands and clone the repository into your local directory. You may also need to set up credentials in order to Pull and Push using SSH. Refer to Git and GitHub Documentation on how to use the command line!

It's recommended you use an IDE that supports Source Control such as [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the proper plugins installed so that things are easier to manage.

**Ensure you have Forked this Repository before you edit! This is so that you can manage Source Control on your end.**

### Package Manager

This README shows using the [Yarn Package Manager](https://yarnpkg.com/) since it addresses performance issues the NPM Package Manager is known for. However you are free to use your own Package Manager that supports Node.js. If you do choose to use a different one (like `npm`) instead, just put them in place of `yarn` in the commands.

> [!WARNING]
> DO NOT include lock files in your branches! Those are auto-generated by your Package Manager and do not need to be included in your commits.

## Installation

After cloning the Repository into your local machine, run the following command into the root folder of the repository:

```
$ yarn install
```

This will install the Yarn Package Manager into the repository, required for building and developing the website locally.

## Local Development

After installing yarn, you can start developing locally by running this command:

```
$ yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. This allows you to reflect changes you make to the website in realtime without having to restart the server.

*Keep in mind, some features of Docusaurus will be unavailable in local development. Things such as Search, Redirects, etc., will be unavailable.*

To close the server, simply hit `Ctrl + C` on the Keyboard in Git.

## Building

The following command will generate a static build of the website into the local directory and can be served using any static content hosting service. The static content will be thrown into the `./build` directory in the repository's root folder.

```
$ yarn build
```

**It is extremely important you run this command prior to pushing any authorized commits or PR's to this repository!** This is so that you can tell if Vercel will be able to successfully deploy the website.

You can optionally run the statically-built website locally as well by running the following command:

```
$ yarn serve
```

This will launch a locally hosted build of the website in a browser window. Similar to running a development server, this just launches a fully compiled version of the website. So any additional edits you make will require you to run the `build` command again.

*All features in Docusaurus will be functional in a hosted build of the website.*

To close the server, simply hit `Ctrl + C` on the Keyboard in Git.

## Deployment

The website deployment of the Poiyomi Shaders Documentation is automated by **Vercel**. Any approved PR's or direct commits to this repository by authorized contributors will instantly trigger the `deploy` command, which will rebuild and deploy the website.

**To ensure that Vercel can smoothly deploy your website, make sure you run `yarn build` before pushing your commits to the repository!**

# Contributing

Refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more information.
