---
sidebar_position: 6
title: Drawers
description: Description of the Drawers available in the Thry Editor shader inspector.
keywords: [drawers, shader, inspector, thry, editor, thryeditor, poiyomi, shader]
---
If no constructor is defined here the default constructor will be used. This you will not have to pass any parameters in those cases.

# Texture Drawers

### ThryTexture
Draws the texture using the texture representation selected in the settings. (This is also used for textures not using a drawer)

### SmallTexture
Draws the texture using the small texture representation.

### BigTexture
Draws the texture using the default texture representation.

### StylizedBigTexture
Draws the texture using the stylized big texture representation.

### Curve
Draws an animation curve UI element that is used to generate a gradient texture.

### ThryExternalTextureTool
Draws the texutre and a button to toggle the drawing of an extrnal tool right underneath.
- `Header`: The header to draw
- `Typename`: The name of the class of the external tool. Class need to have a non static OnGUI method.
The drawer will create a new instance of the class and call the OnGUI method.

If the class can defined the event `TextureGenerated` the drawer will listen to it and update the texture when it is called. 
In this case the generated texutre needs to be saved to a field named `generated_texture`.
Example: `[ThryExternalTextureToolDrawer(Flood Tool,DreadScripts.GradientFlood)]`

Available Constructors:
- `ThryExternalTextureToolDrawer(string header, string typename)`

### ThryRGBAPacker
Draws a texture packer for RGBA textures.
- `firstTextureIsRGB`: If true the first texture will be used as RGB and the second as A. Else each texture will be used as the corresponding channel.
Options: `0`/`1`
Default: `0`
- `sRGB`: If true the generated texture will be marked as sRGB. Options: `0`/`1` Default: `1`
- `label1`: The label for the first texture
- `label2`: The label for the second texture
- `label3`: The label for the third texture
- `label4`: The label for the fourth texture

Available constructors:
- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2, label 3, label 4)`
- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2, label 3)`
- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2)`

- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2, label 3, label 4, sRGB)`
- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2, label 3, sRGB)`
- `ThryRGBAPacker(label 1, label 2, sRGB)`

- `ThryRGBAPacker(firstTextureIsRGB, label 1, label 2)`
- `ThryRGBAPacker(firstTextureIsRGB, label 1, label 2, sRGB)`

### Gradient
Draws a gradient UI element that is used to generate a gradient texture.
Tries to convert unknown textures to gradients, loads grandiesnt of known texutres (generated by the gradient drawer) from a save.

### TextureArray
Draws a texture UI element that accepts drag and drops of gifs and collections of textures.
In those cases the textures will be packed into a texture array.

# Other Drawers

### ThryRichLabel
Draws a rich label. This means the text supports [unity rich text markdown](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.ugui@1.0/manual/StyledText.html).
Uses the property display name as the text.

- `size`: The size of the label. Default: `EditorStyles.standardFont.fontSize`
Size can be omitted.

Available constructors:
- `ThryRichLabel()`
- `ThryRichLabel(size)`

### ThryToggle
Draws a toggle that can be used to enable or disable a keyword.
The difference to the Unity toggle drawer is that this works better with ThryEditor, fixing some edge cases. 
- `keyword`: The keyword to enable or disable
- `left`: If true the toggle will be drawn on the left side of the property. Options: `true`/`false`. Default: `false`

Available constructors:
- `ThryToggle()`
- `ThryToggle(left)`
- `ThryToggle(keyword, left)`

### ThryToggleUI
This is only for backwards compatibility. Use `ThryToggle` without keyword instead.

### MultiSlider
Draws a slider that has two handles. The handles can be moved independently.
Requires the property to be a `Vector`
The min and max values of the slider are defined by z,w of the vector.

### VectorToSliders
Draws a slider for each component of the vector.
Requires the property to be a `Vector`

If `twoMinMaxDrawers` is set to `1` the drawer will draw two min max drawers for the x,y and z,w components of the vector.

Available constructors:
- `VectorToSliders(label 1, min 1, max 1, label 2, min 2, max 2, label 3, min 3, max 3, label 4, min 4, max 4)`
- `VectorToSliders(label 1, min 1, max 1, label 2, min 2, max 2, label 3, min 3, max 3)`
- `VectorToSliders(label 1, min 1, max 1, label 2, min 2, max 2)`
- `VectorToSliders(twoMinMaxDrawers, label 1, min 1, max 1, label 2, min 2, max 2)`

### Vector4Toggles
Draws a toggle for each component of the vector in a line.
Sets the value to 1 if the toggle is on and 0 if it is off.

### ThryMultiFloats
Draws multiple float fields horizontally next to this property.
The floats can also be represented as toggles.

- `p`: The name of the property that contains the floats
- `displayAsToggles`: If true the floats will be represented as toggles. Options: `true`/`false`

Available constructors:
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6, p7)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2, p3, p4, p5)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2, p3, p4)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2, p3)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1, p2)`
- `ThryMultiFloats(displayAsToggles, p1)`

### Vector3
Draws a vector3 field.

### Vector2
Draws a vector2 field.

### VectorLabel
Draws a vector field with labels for each component.

Available constructors:
- `VectorLabel(label x, label y, label z, label w)`
- `VectorLabel(label x, label y, label z)`
- `VectorLabel(label x, label y)`

### Helpbox
Draws a helpbox with the property display name as the text.

- `type`: The type of the helpbox. Options: `0`/`1`/`2`/`3`. Default: `0`

Available constructors:
- `Helpbox()`
- `Helpbox(type)`

### LocalMessage
Draws a local message with the property display name as the text.
Parses the property display name as ButtonData.

### RemoteMessage
Draws a remote message with the property display name as source url.
Loads the message from the url and parses it as ButtonData.

### ThryShaderOptimizerLockButton
Draws a button that can be used to lock or unlock using the shader optimizer.

### ThryWideEnum
Like the Unity enum drawer but with a more options.

Available constructors:
- `ThryWideEnum(label1, value1)`
- `ThryWideEnum(label1, value1, label2, value2)`
- ...
- `ThryWideEnum(label1, value1, label2, value2, ..., label20, value20)`

# Docorators

### NoAnimate
Marks the property as not animatable. This means the shader optimizer will not make it into a static define.

### ThrySeperator(color)
Draws a seperator line.
- `color`: The color of the line. Default: `Styles.COLOR_FG`
Color can be omitted.

### ThryHeaderLabel(string, size)
Draws a header label.
- `string`: The text to draw
- `size`: The size of the label. Default: `EditorStyles.standardFont.fontSize`
Size can be omitted.

### sRGBWarning
Draws a warning if the texture is marked or not marked as sRGB.

- `shouldHaveSRGB`: If true the texture should be marked as sRGB. Options: `true`/`false`. Default: `true`

Available constructors:
- `sRGBWarning()`
- `sRGBWarning(shouldHaveSRGB)`