---
slug: 2025-02-06-poiyomi-toon-9-1-20-changelog
title: 'Poiyomi Toon 9.1.20 Changelog'
description: Information regarding the release of Poiyomi Shaders version 9.1.20.
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  poiyomi
keywords: [shader, vrchat, updates, update]
---

This update contains a significant amount of improvements, bug fixes, and some minor new features. It is now available in the VCC Repository, GitHub, and on BOOTH.

### Added
- Added `Gamma` to **Color Adjust**, which lerps the brightness of the color in regards to it's Hue and tone. Lower values are more lighter, while higher values are more bolder.
- Added `Select or Shift` dropdown to **Color Adjust** and **Emission**.
  - This dropdown allows the user to select how the Hue Shift should behave. `Hue Shift` is the default normal setting, while `Hue Select` will override the set Hue to the entire Base Color.
- Added `Color Space` selection to all areas of the Shader using Hue Shift.
- Added `Lil Reflections` mode to **Stylized Reflections**, which matches the features of LilToon's Reflection.
- Added `SDF` as a new Lighting Type for **Shading**.
- Added `Paste Special...`, allowing the user to pick which settings are pasted on the Material from the clipboard.

### Changes
- Renamed **Stylized Specular** to **Stylized Reflections** to support the newly-added `Lil Reflections` mode.
- Warning added when duplicating Materials used in Material Swaps.
- Included Cubemaps in the Package have been changed to be `Specular Convolution`, ensuring they appear correctly when used.
- `Indirect Uses Normals` now properly smooth transitions between using Normals vs. not using them when using `Wrapped` Shading.
- Changed some spots where Black Directional Lights may have interfered with Light Direction.
- Panning is now supported in **Flipbook**.
- Updated Material Translator to support more Material types.
- Updated Docs link for **Stylized Reflections**.

### Fixes
- Fixed compilation errors in the VRChat Worlds SDK.
- Fixed a bug with Alpha Maps causing trouble with d4rk's Avatar Optimizer.
- Fixed duplicated new materials overwriting each other if they had the same names.
- Fixed shader translation issues on Avatars without an Avatar Descriptor.
- Fixed an issue where different shaders (such as Unity Standard) were being incorrectly translated.
  - Only Materials using LilToon will be Translated. Other shaders will be ignored.
- Updating from 8.x to 9.1 will set the Hue Shift Color Space to `HSV` by default, for convenience sake.
- Fixed Hue Shift running regardless of being turned on in a few spots.
  - This was one of the culprits of the "Black Spot" bug on AMD cards, which was already fixed.
- Fixed a possible infinite loop in **Glitter** under really random circumstances that don't make sense.
- Fixed a bug with Ignore Ambient Light in shadow.
- Changed how `Multilayer Math` is applied in order to accommodate extra features.
  - This shouldn't make any big differences for many users. However, please report anything weird you find!
- Fixed various UI problems over the course of the last updates.
- Fixed Anisotropic Specular Hide in Shadow for Realistic and Cloth shading.
- Fixed the Shader Inspector sometimes not appearing.
- Fixed some Thry UI issues involving multi-float properties.

### ThryEditor Changes
- Speedup in initialization and drawing of the UI.
- Faster parse code.
- Fixed warnings being thrown when undoing changes in Unity.
- `Thry/Textures/Find Uses` added to Context Menu. This gives a list of Materials and Properties where the selected Texture is being used.
- Searching now has temporary expand states.
  - This will expand the searched regions, but not save the state after clearing the search bar.
- Changed Search to only expand headers, not sections.
- If the search term is in a group name, all children are shown in the search.
- **Texture Packer** `Export Channels (B&W)` now have Alpha channel with value `1`.
- Option to enable/disable Crunch Compression for textures generated by the inline packer. This is `Off` by default.
- Gradient Drawer now takes color space as a parameter. Options: `Gamma`/`Linear`. Default is `Linear`.
- Gradient Preview should now update correctly when swapping textures.
- Gradient Drawer saves texture in Gamma Color Space & with sRGB marked if told in the Drawer.
- Texture Packer sampled inputs at the top-left corner of each pixel. Added offset to sample at the center instead.
  - This should prevent slight shifts in the texture's position in the final output.
- Decal Tool: `Esc` now resets the Decal Settings to before the scene Raycast tools have been used.
- Decal Undo: Decal modifications are grouped into one Undo upon applying Raycast scene tools.
- VRAM display now correctly updates when texture changes from Undo/Redo/Reset/Copy.
- Fixed `RenderQueue` and `VRCFallback` properties wrongly getting MaterialProperties assigned.